welcome back to classic rides well our
interiors looking great and it really
feels like home now it's time to take
care of some of the window treatments in
our living area
our original window treatments were
stained hard to open and badly in need
of a fresh look here to help us with
that is Arlene Fowler from Fowler
interiors Arlene thank you so much for
being here thanks Kevin good to be here
so you've done a lot of various dreams
tell us what you've got in mind for ours
well for this particular trailer we've
decided to change the drapery tracks
this is the original track but they've
come up with another tracking system in
1973 that's more efficient and it uses a
plastic glide that's just sewn onto the
drapery in this particular one in our
shop we've decided to use a cotton twill
tape on the glide on the top glides on
the bottom we use elastic to give it the
mobility we need but we use the cotton
twill tape in order to prevent it from
sagging it always holds it in position
at the top Arleen also suggested just
covering the window area and not the
sides and using a dramatic fabric design
the stripe runs up and down on your
vault but we chose to run it the
opposite direction we railroaded it to
get your full impact of your stripes
when you pleat stripes like this you
wouldn't have a consistency in your
pattern and you lose a lot of the lot of
the color too you lose the impact of the
whole thing when you do it that way
running the stripes horizontally will
also widen the feel of the trailer and
complement the curve of the Airstream
our old living room blinds also need
replacing
Harleen suggests the same 1/2 inch
aluminum micro blinds that we used in
the bedroom for these we'll need to
cover the top of the head rails we went
to a local hardware store and bought
strips of aluminum which will type
double stick tape and apply to the top
right here it'll also keep the dust out
of the working part
Harleen also suggests cutting the wands
down because the curvature the airstream
would make them stick out too far the
brackets are mounted
and the blinds are snapped into place
and secured to keep from seeing the top
of the rail I apply double stick tape to
the brackets and install the strip of
aluminum that Arlene brought us and the
hold-down brackets will keep the blinds
secured to the trailer onto our curtain
installation we've got our top curtain
rod in place now the bottom has to be 25
and 3/8 inches distance from Center to
Center I measure mark and drill for the
rivets
and the bottom curtain bracket and rail
are riveted into place good I've got my
top track and my bottom track in place
now we're going to slide the curtains
inside the track install a few of the
top glides to hold the curtain taut and
then all the bottom glides can go on now
go up to the top and finish up up here
good we've got good tension on the
curtains with the elastic at the bottom
that's going to keep the tension on them
throughout the life of our coach and
these things will stay looking good the
final step is to attach the snap
fittings to the wall
these will keep the curtains secured to
the trailer and the curtain is done and
it looks great keep your seat there's
more to do in the interior restoration
of our 1970 Airstream trailer